Luis Solis
Aurora Trucking
	The Aurora Trucking company partners with local big businesses that require large shipments to be delivered to associated stores or businesses. There is only one service provided by The Aurora Trucking company, so it is done with competence and swiftness. This small trucking company receives orders which contain location and time in which a shipment is to be collected and the location in which it must be delivered to.  The receptionist is the one who receives the orders and allocates the corresponding driver that is available. The receptionist also handles the decision in who gets what order and if a driver can carry out multiple orders at one time. The delivery drivers receive the order information and must carry out the shipment as swiftly as possible. The delivery drivers must also record all data that corresponds with driving in and out of state borders. For example, starting milage, ending milage, amount spent on diesel, states traveled to, and location of delivery. Throughout the year all data gets written down on sheets of paper and makes it way to the company accountant which keeps track of the data and files the company’s taxes, while also finding way to save the company money. The customers or orders are procured by the salesman who travels business to business. In total the company has four departments but because it is a relatively small operation each department has one employee other than the delivery drivers; the company has four delivery drivers. 
	The database that is needed for the company to run more efficiently, would require a way to track all driver information in one easy to access place but must be able to be edited while traveling. Second, another part of the database would include which drivers are currently on an order, which are free to deliver, and which are currently unavailable. All this information would make it easier for the receptionist to easily see which drivers they have at their disposal at any given time and software could be made to automate this process. The accountant would also have all the data stored for records and no longer must worry for lost or damaged data. 
